Add a page about pkg-config (#270)
msys2/msys2.github.io: web/docs/pkgconfig.md

# pkg-config

We default to [pkgconf](https://github.com/pkgconf/pkgconf) as our pkg-config
implementation. This page lists some Windows specific topics/issues/challenges
for working with pkg-config on Windows.

## Environment Variables

By default, the MSYS2 shells set the following environment variables with paths for the active environment to support pkgconf:

* `PKG_CONFIG_PATH` - e.g. `/ucrt64/lib/pkgconfig:/ucrt64/share/pkgconfig`
* `PKG_CONFIG_SYSTEM_INCLUDE_PATH` - e.g. `/ucrt64/include`
* `PKG_CONFIG_SYSTEM_LIBRARY_PATH` - e.g. `/ucrt64/lib`

## Prefix / Relocation

The first few lines of a .pc file usually look something like this:

```bash
prefix=/ucrt64
includedir=${prefix}/include
libdir=${prefix}/lib
```

As you can see `/ucrt64` is not a proper Windows path, but that's not a problem
because by default `prefix` will be ignored, or rather re-defined by
pkgconf/pkg-config based on the location of the .pc file itself. It will strip

> of `/<...>/pkgconf` from the directory of the `.py` file and use the resulting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
of `/<...>/pkgconfig` from the directory of the `.pc` file and use the resulting
```

?

Author: thanks

Reviewer: oops, just noticed that line probably should have started with "off" rather than "of" too

Author: thanks, fixed
